I was only a kid when I left Earth I had
no idea what the universe had in store
for me
are facing an unstoppable threat
guys are our last chance I guess we're
stuck to get partners are you telling me
the faint of 12 billion people is in the
hands of a thief two thugs a murderer
and a mania
this might not be the best idea
standby as evil wipes out billions of
innocent lives
why would you risk your life for this
because by now why it's giving us a
chance
if we don't protect the galaxy
who will will follow your lead oh yeah
this is gonna hurt
I have a plan you
part
it's a fake laugh it's real totally fake
Roop thank you
what is that it's a Bob and you leave it
lying around I was gonna put it in a box
what's a box gonna do you just want to
suck the joy out of everything